---
layout: post
title:  "Gravity"
date:   2013-10-15
caption: Gravity by John Mayer
categories: music
---
<iframe width="100%" height="166" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fapi.soundcloud.com%2Ftracks%2F115400641"></iframe>
## Feelings  
  
I'm going to be honest, thinking about having to play music and write about it every week used to make me really anxious, more so because I equate this kind of stuff with "feelings". By feelings, I mean having so-called opinions, and doubly so the arrogance to be vocal about them these days. Who wants to talk about opinions? You're just going to cringe at the bare sight of them, anyways.

It's hard to keep trying to be open. But in the end, few people are really going to care if you have opinions. And even more assuringly, less people are going to care if you don't even have any opinions at all. And I don't mean that in a bad way at all. We'd like to think that people we know are watching us all the time, but that couldn't be further from the truth.  

So to sum up where I'm going here: Just be honest 100% of the time. Or close to it.  

## About the music...  

First of all, sorry about the FX on the guitar track. I added a chorus effect, which gives it a really spacey feeling. In retrospect, it sounds kind of annoying.  

This improv is okay. I liked last week better. I'm not too impressed with my own playing. A good thing is that I'm noticing how I need to improve. For instance, there are some awkward small pauses littered about which take away, for example after the intro. The problem is that I'm spending too much time in the thinking phase, and need to act more on reflex. Obviously, the answer is more practice.

This week was fun for me. I learned Mayer's solo to Frank Ocean's Pyramids, which influenced some of my playing in this track. I would play to it this week, but I can't find any backing tracks for it :(

## Next week  
I need to return to classic blues... I dearly miss it. I'm going to pick a random blues track (I have about 40 on some CDs) and play over it. See you next week.