---
layout: post
title:  "The Fall of Michael"
date:   2013-09-22
caption: Have a Cigar by Pink Floyd
categories: music
---
<iframe width="100%" height="166" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fapi.soundcloud.com%2Ftracks%2F111831453&color=ff6600&auto_play=false&show_artwork=false"></iframe>
## Pink Floyd - Have a Cigar  
Damnit. This is one of those times where I just didn't feel like playing, but duly obliged because of my promise to post a sound every week. Again, nothing special about preparation for the song. Learn the whole song, learn the main solo, play over it a few times, and then make your track. This time was different.  
  
  
My jam is marked by a forceful expulsion of amateurish playing in the first 45 seconds. In my opinion, that just ruined whatever I had going for the rest of the track. And that's not saying much for everything else. Sure, the whole track itself isn't that bad--only if you can bear to to listen past the string noises that kick off my shitshow. But in my opinion, I didn't put any soul in it. This is one of those times where I felt like playing out of pure obligation. There was no emotion involved. There were no visceral feelings involved in the making of this track.  
  
  
I cannot get past the lack of [vibrato](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vibrato), which makes it sound very boring to me. And those damn out-of-tune bends. I don't want to point them out. If you don't know where they are, just think about those moments when you cringed. That's exactly where they are.  

There's not much to analyze here. This one will be shoved back through the annals of times, where no one except history's worst villains can listen to it.  
    
    
On a lighter note, I'm looking forward to the next song. 
  
## Next song
<iframe width="480" height="360" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/Uiv8CyPCfaY" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>  
By unpopular request, I picked this song next. Now, onto greener pastures.  
  
  
Michael