---
layout: post
title:  "Ain't No Sunshine"
date:   2013-10-07
caption: Ain't No Sunshine by Bill Withers
categories: music
---
<iframe width="100%" height="166" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fapi.soundcloud.com%2Ftracks%2F114292691"></iframe>  

I don't know about you, but I think writing for the sake of writing is difficult. For me, it's not about how to convey ideas. In fact, it feels very liberating
to get something down on paper that's been brewing inside of my head. The problem, or the most aggravating thing is always choosing what to write about.  

I mean, I've got a whole list of opinions or ideas going on inside my head, but none of them have matured enough for me to talk about them without looking like a ranting lunatic. Even worse, sometimes I think of something great and start typing with the biggest shit-eating grin, only to read it right after and shake my head in embarrassment.  

It's a struggle. I want it to be easy, but sadly there's no better alternative then just working through it. What's to blame? I certainly don't have writer's block. The only time I will ever be able to say that, is when I can effortlessly describe ideas onto paper. Because when you're in your 20s, you're honestly not going to be very good at anything.  

## Improv  

Anyways, let's talk about the improv. I genuinely liked this one, more so than the previous weeks. I played slower than usual to focus on the melody, and that resulted in less
mistakes. For practice, I actually learned John Mayer's cover of the song which has a terrific solo. Of course, I went ahead and stole some ideas from it.  

I'm really enjoying playing guitar these days. It used to be that I had to learn as much as possible, since I sucked. It's different now. I still suck, but
I've been playing based on more basic animalistic thoughts starting with phrases like "Ooh, that sounds cool!" or "I wonder if I can..."
<iframe width="640" height="360" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/ktyhXq00RxQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Next week  
Gee, I don't really know. Therefore, I'll just pick this.  
<iframe width="640" height="360" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/Ys629ROKYtI" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>